mein home renovating the industry
we are specialists in tracking
machinery and accessories
transformation of sheet steel and
plastics
Mein home company 100% Mexican
working for you since 1990 plus
we have presence in 9 cities
around the country main house has
a strategic existence of machinery
equipment and industrial tools to a
fair price
We have an extensive inventory of
machinery and tools available
for immediate delivery
and we handle only the best brands in
sharpening machines and tools
machining centers lathes and milling machines
cnc compressors EDM worship
thread and penetration providers and
profilers grinding saws
drills and lathes we also have
machinery for the work of the mine
as bending machines and guillotines
Hydraulics and manuals metalheads puncture
punching presses punching machines and
plus
in our machinery division for
plastic we have existence of
plastic blower nozzles
material loaders mills
preheater plastic shredders
Childers and even we have
wood machinery to meet their
after-sales needs we have a
extensive inventory of spare parts and
accessories at your disposal and our
Engineering department offers you
guarantee advisory service and preventive
corrective in addition to training in
sales that we manage and main house
renewing the industry